so making your own pastor might not be
something you think you've got time to
do every day but it's great fun I'm
using these two machines a pasta maker
in a food processor it's actually really
really simple and we can use a special
type of flour called double O which is
particularly fine and has a high level
of gluten in it and also some eggs it's
really that easy
you can add oil if you like but I don't
think it's that necessary if you're
going to make a basic recipe so I've got
200 grams of flour and I've got two eggs
it's a very simple ratio I'm gonna
quickly beat these up a little bit with
my fork
straight in we're done I'm gonna pulse
this until you get small clumps of dough
that look about the size of a pea so we
go that's great now you can see there
it's starting to come together it's
gonna be really easy to knead into dough
don't need any extra flour or anything
for this just push it into shape quite
quickly until it's smooth
there we go now it feels quite tough at
the moment what we need to do is that it
rests I'm going to wrap it in a some
cling film and that needs to sit on the
side for half an hour or it could be
more if you've got more time so after
about half an hour or more your day will
feel really nice and silky and soft and
then we're ready to roll it so I'm going
to take a small amount of pasta dough
about a handful then first of all I'm
just going to Pat it out into a little
blob like so so we need to get it
through the rollers and there are six
different settings on most pasta
machines they start the widest setting
and they get narrower and narrower and
I'm just going to feed this through once
or twice on the widest setting to get
the shape of the dough right to start
with let's go again okay now I'm gonna
make this into a little rectangle that's
going to help me when I want to shape my
pasta later on so it's a rectangle like
that I'll go through the machine again
you see that's a whole lot neater thing
to start with each time the pasta gets
thinner and thinner
I'm gonna pass it through one more
setting
pick up the other side make sure it
doesn't fold over itself right I'm
really happy with that now it's a great
thickness to make your tagliatelle or
your lasagna or whatever you might like
to make you want to take it one notch
thinner and end up with pasta that's
right thickness to make ravioli so I'm
going to show you a really quick and
cool way to make your own toilet le so
I'm going to take a little bit of flour
I'm going to scatter it just under and
over the pasta you know I'm going to do
just fold it over itself a couple of
times take a good sharp knife and cut it
into strips there you have it your own
homemade pasta it's dead easy so give it
a try